Pig is a company with experience in Chiang Flag
He is so young, what skills does he have?
Ouch, you are very understanding, hahaha.
I heard the age, so I didn't dare to go directly.
Are you stupid to find such a young person to see Chinese medicine?
So irritating
I can't take it anymore!
Healing and seeing people is a school uniform
Don't look at age
When the time is good, it will come naturally.
Ouch, you are really discerning
Inner Mongolia wants it
What kind of disease can he see?
To see a doctor, you have to come to fry the fire
Ouch, just based on what you said just now?
What do you have to do today? I'll show you.
I have been appointed for many years, can I be cured?